Fix GraphQL BBE Issues (#5341)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/graphql-subscriptions/graphql_subscriptions.md

::: out graphql_subscriptions.server.out :::

Send the following document to the GraphQL endpoint to test the service using a GraphQL client that supports subscriptions to test the service.

::: code graphql_subscriptions.graphql :::

> It should return similar to the following response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should result in a response similar to the following.
```

> >**Note:** The response will be updated in real-time and the response can be different due to the random name generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** The response will get updated in real-time and can be different due to the random name generation.
```
